
-----------
  tangere
-----------

tangere is a cross-platform, template-based integer/floating-point ray
tracing system that accompanies the paper "Integer Ray Tracing" by
Heinly et al.

tangere implements the techniques described in the text and is
intended to serve as a testbed for additional enhancements and further
experimentation with integer ray tracing techniques.

Please see LICENSE for more information regarding the use of the
tangere source code.


---------------------------------------
  Installation & usage - *NIX systems
---------------------------------------

tangere requires CMake version 2.6 or better to build on UNIX-like
systems.

Obtain the source distribution and move it to your top-level tangere
directory.

Extract the code from the tarball:

  cd /Users/johndoe/tangere-dist
  mv <download path>/tangere-dist.tgz .
  tar zxvf tangere-dist.tgz

Create a build directory, run CMake, and build the executable:

  mkdir build-gnu
  cd build-gnu
  ccmake ../src/
  make

The executable file is placed in the CMake-generated "bin" directory
within the build directory.  To execute the program, simply invoke it
from the command line with the desired scene file.  For example, run:

  bin/tangere ../src/scenes/cbox_trippy.txt

to render the included scene.  Scene files and additional command line
parameters can be used to control the run-time behavior of tangere.
See the source code for additional options.


----------------------------------------
  Installation & usage - WIN32 systems
----------------------------------------

tangere will also build with Visual Studio 2008 or better on
Windows-based systems.

Obtain the source distribution and move it your top-level tangere
directory.

Extract the code from the tarball using a utility such as WinZip.

Navigate to the "vs2008" subdirectory and double-click the
"vissim.sln" file to launch Visual Studio 2008.

tangere is now ready to build and run within the Visual Studio 2008
development environment.  For example, set the command arguments in
the Debugging properties pane to:

  "..\..\scenes\cbox_trippy.txt"

to render the included scene.  Scene files and additional command line
parameters can be used to control the run-time behavior of tangere.
See the source code for additional options.
